Add information on building server only. (#18724)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/building_visit/Advanced_Usage.rst

engine to enable scalable rendering. If you specify ``--mesagl`` then
``--osmesa`` is unnecessary and ignored if specified.

Building Server only
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Sometimes a special version of VisIt_ is needed for a remote server, one that only processes data and does not include any gui elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a special version of VisIt_ is needed for a remote server, one that only processes data and does not include any GUI elements.
```

VisIt_ can be built in this fashion (and the build will be sped up considerably) by adding the ``-server-comonents-only flag`` to build only the server and related programs.
Then you can run client/server from a desktop system running the GUI locally, and connect to the remote server to process data.

.. code:: bash

  env PAR_COMPILER=mpicc ./build_visit3_3_3 --server-components-only --mesa --icet

This will do a basic build, but will probably not include the IO libraries you need (unless you only need VTK).

> You can specify any needed libraries individually, eg  ``--hdf5 --netcdf --conduit --mfem`` to add HDF5, NetCDF, Conduit and Mfem IO libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify any needed libraries individually, e.g.  ``--hdf5 --netcdf --conduit --mfem`` to add HDF5, NetCDF, Conduit and Mfem IO libraries.
```

engine to enable scalable rendering. If you specify ``--mesagl`` then
``--osmesa`` is unnecessary and ignored if specified.

Building Server only
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Much of the time, the pre-built VisIt executables will suffice for desktop systems but you need a special version of VisIt to run on a remote server and process data there.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't quite make sense to me. I think you're trying to motivate doing a server only build for client server, but the "Much of the time, the pre-built VisIt executables ..." doesn't match the second half of the sentence.

In this case, you can run client/server from the desktop to the remote server.
This means that for the remote server build of VisIt, you need only build the server programs that will read and process the data since the GUI will run locally.
You can speed up the VisIt build considerably by adding the ``--server-components-only`` flag to build only the VisIt server and related programs.

.. code:: bash

  env PAR_COMPILER=mpicc ./build_visit3_3_3 --server-components-only --mesa --icet

This will do a basic build, but may not include the IO libraries you need.

> You can add ``--all-io`` in order to build all the IO libraries, or specify them individually, eg  ``--hdf5 --netcdf --conduit --mfem`` to add just the HDF5, NetCDF, Conduit and Mfem IO libraries.

Reviewer: I'm not sure ``--all-io`` should be recommended. It should only be used by experts since the probability of one of the io library builds failing is high. Does ``--server-components-only`` turn off most of the io libraries? If not, then it should build HDF5, NetCDF, etc.

Author: I can remove that.
Only CMake, Python, VTK and ZLIB are built with --server-components-only.

Reviewer: In that case, I would change the sentence to give the example of adding hdf5, netcdf, conduit and mfem. Maybe something like:

You can individually list the IO libraries you need, such as ``--hdf5 --netcdf --conduit --mfem``.

We should probably change the behavior of turning off all the IO libraries with ``--server-components-only``.
